update on workflows breaking change (#79)
CircleCI-Public/api-preview-docs: docs/breaking.md

# Breaking Changes

## Nov 21, 2019

The endpoint to [Get a pipeline's workflows](https://circleci.com/docs/api/v2/#get-a-pipeline-39-s-workflows) `GET /pipeline/{pipeline-id}/workflow` has been released. 

The `workflow` key in the [Get a pipeline](https://circleci.com/docs/api/v2/#get-a-pipeline) `GET /pipeline/{pipeline-id}` response is now deprecated and is scheduled to be deleted on Dec 9, 2019

Instances where the `workflow` key is being referenced from the [Get a pipeline](https://circleci.com/docs/api/v2/#get-a-pipeline) `GET /pipeline/{pipeline-id}` response should be modified to make a call to [Get a pipeline's workflows](https://circleci.com/docs/api/v2/#get-a-pipeline-39-s-workflows) `GET /pipeline/{pipeline-id}/workflow` instead. 

## Nov 11, 2019

> The `/workflow/:workflow-id/jobs` endpoint has been moved to `/workflow/:workflow-id/job` for consistency. The old route is still working at this point in time, but deprecated and will be removed on November 18th, 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/workflow/:workflow-id/jobs` endpoint has been moved to `/workflow/:workflow-id/job` for consistency. The old route was removed on November 20th, 2019.
```

Author: merged to quickly but manually patched in your suggested change
